weather services using words like potentially historic crippling and catastrophic to describe the approaching ice storm across the South suffice to say
defecting Millions
America's sweetheart one of the greats is the child star turned public servant and diplomat tonight we remember the legendary Shirley Temple nightly news
NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams reporting tonight from the Olympic Winter Games in Sochi Russia
good evening and from here at the Olympic Winter Games Wii began back home tonight with an e normous winter storm here's how forecasters at the National Weather Service describe what is sliding up from the southwest to the northeast quotes
confidence is increasing in an event of historical proportions prepare now for this potentially crippling event
here is the map to night of the individual counties that are under watches and warnings
it's a rain snow and ice off and put its the ice they really fear will be crippling tonight or standing up hurricane hunter aircraft to look at it from aloft
93 million Americans in the path of this one there r States of America in C in 5 different southern states including Georgia so hard
buy that last snowfall we have it all covered for you tonight Al Roker is here with us but first a mark Potter in Atlanta that starts of a marketing mix
the bad weather is no expected to hit
sometime early tomorrow morning the only good news is that allows officials in Resident just a little more time
part of a message to avoid what happen 2 weeks ago 12 point 6 inches of snow
is being worn the storm heading to morrow morning could be long remembered
Travel is going to be impossible if this is going to be a catastrophic event for the areas in purple
mini trees is the major threat
this is one of mother nature's worst kinds of storms that can be inflicted on
South Carolina causing major outages
repair Cruise have already been brought in from around the country what's a little more sophisticated Richard Mendoza Atlanta Public Works commissioner says pending ice on the roads is especially dangerous it makes driving treacherous you can I get traction you can control your vehicle
we are strong advising our residents to stay off the roads in telecommute were possible today
7 hours stuck in his car during last month paralyzing store
house and not on the highway are side drive
in my truck and stocking up grocery store shut down power goes off I'm going to be at work
string of crashes on icy roads around causing at least 4 fatalities
in Mississippi snow and ice drive trucks of the roads in North and South Carolina kids home after heavy snow for schools to close
classes in Georgia what's new on the northern counties Kimberly force the closure of i-75 a major highway
when are you considered not that many people are on the Roses a heater warnings for all softener to stock up on things such as heating fuel batteries for radios and flashlights and medication enuff to write out this storm
Aramark Potter setting this scene in Atlanta mark thanks as I mentioned Al Roker here with us working evening shift tonight did somebody say footage of snow in Washington DC by Friday night
very possible to get finished with the South but in the meantime we're going to be looking at brutal conditions from Dallas
Fort Worth all the way up in the New England have a wife swap of ice storm warning from Atlanta in the South Carolina and this winter storm watch and winter storm warning go all the way up in the ears what we got setting up basically we're looking at low pressure developing how long a stationary front both
the double barrel over the Gulf in the end of the Carolina coast
and what we got gold Moisture coming up out of the south meeting up with cold bitter cold air coming out of the north
how long that battle on we're seeing eye for ready South Carolina some places third of an inch of ice this isn mixture will continue looking for as far as accumulation and this is critical it is between Atlanta and make it up to 2 inches of ice
is extenze all the way down to central Georgia on in the Carolinas continues up in the South Carolina and this is the major airport delays Square telling people stay off the road and as the system continues up the coast if you look at this blue line in our future cast
that's the Wayne snow on the freezing rain snow line in depending on where this is going to set up we could be looking at massive amounts of snow in Sacramento tweaking me the mouth
as we go on during the day over the next 24 hours Richard Atlanta 8 inches in Charlotte that we got to the North Washington DC possibly 7 inches to a foot Bryan and summaries even to the north and west of that up to a foot and a half of snow
this is gonna be tough when will stay on it will see you in the morning I think for being here with us tonight and now these games and you will see some of this and primetime coverage tonight this next result was blasted around the world as urgent news earlier today
snowboarder Shaun White will go home from his third Olympic Games without a metal this time in the men's halfpipe in fact it's a team USA
shutout in a sport invented in the US just part of the news from here and Thompson is up to the mountain top ski venue for us tonight
good evening Brian today the Winter Olympics felt like this spring game sports in official to cancel the practice runs for the women's downhill and creating a backdrop for one of the biggest upsets apps games so far
Benny's today's weather what's the toughest competitor across country
free sprit and more like a demolition derby gear stumbling on snow turn to mush you but 40 degree temperatures it was just what is mashed potato snow conditions and design complaints played the men's snowboard halfpipe
what one fan script full
making the final Shaun White
the wish that the cancer survivor to the Olympics with his family can you stay up until the very end and now he wants to grow up to be an engineer or snowboarders
what are you going to tell your friends about this is variance in the back to St Louis I got to me John White
that didn't happen whitelist empty handed
what the US did have a reason to celebrate today Erin Hamlin orange America's first medals ever in singles luge women's ski jumping made its Olympic debut at the first gear to jump Park Cities Sarah Hendrickson
meaning of the top we on New York a moment just to be a part of it and something to be proud of
don't get any more gold in Canadian skier Alex Bilodeau brother Frederic
consecutive gold medal in Mobile another wonderful moment for the brothers Bilodeau
Rick who has cerebral palsy is Alex's inspiration
I want him as close as possible to me when I when I when is the big one like that makea and live that moment with M
and as for tomorrow at looks like the weather will continue to be a big story temperatures could climb as high is 50 degrees on the mountain
Ann Thompson of the mountain top venues with all things Winter Games and thanks we have an update tonight on what was our lives story last night this dangerous of accusation going on in the embattled Syrian city of homes today the head of American intelligence
set the war and the humanitarian crisis had created what he called an apocalyptic disaster there be a vacuolation Africa is expected to resume tomorrow
we learned of a big lost today and perhaps the best way to put it is this somewhere right now someone is ordering a Shirley Temple welearn today that Shirley Temple has died at the age of 85
she was America's favorite movie star during the Depression era the 1930s a little girl who gave her country a big left when it really needed that she was king
the president for it in later years she became Shirley Temple black and became a public servant and a pioneer we can look back tonight from NBC's Kate snow
we can
is the song we all think of
Cummins so many
pictures in almost before she was just 12
Shirley Temple with her golden Realty
pressing times in the 1930s giving America a reason to smile
who came this cheerful irresistible little girl who could sing and dance into everything seemingly and she make people feel good
she left it there spirits
time when segregation was still the norm tshirt the screen with
dildo jangles Robinson and called him
favorite color star has a child stars who made millions but as she grew up her movie career faded setting the stage for remarkable second act
field President Nixon made her his un representative in 1972 she spoke bluntly about her own breasts
search for the recommendation Road interests should be removed
simple mastectomy
summer hospital bed sheets women to have mammogram
strange lump in your breast during anal
symptoms to be afraid
to go to the doctor to 100 to the diplomat ambassador to Ghana and leader
public servant an advocate married for 55 years
is Sean Penn
star quality is timeless and that's what she is she's times and the most famous child actresses of all time
Kate snow NBC News New York
Emily come back here tonight Bladimir Putin's big show
the most expensive Olympics ever how a president who rules with something of an iron fist transform the city by the sea say nothing of this country
Bakery in Sochi for the first few days of these games we have the great luxury a being able to travel around here was one of the leading American experts on Russia and tonight with his health
we have a look at this bold move what really is a 50 billion dollar Best Buy flat Amir Putin that he could pull off this event and welcome the world to this place
like a lot of past Olympics this is really to Olympics at different altitudes there's this Stadium events beneath the flame down along the Black Sea and was called the coastal cluster of venues then about 25 miles away there are the skiing events in the mountain cluster
none of it up top down below existed seven years ago
to get between the two the most expensive stretch of road in the world 7 billion
and everywhere you look there are hotels and restaurants in stores Riverside promenade and it's all brand new
these days David Remnick is the editor of The New Yorker magazine what he lived here for years he speaks the language Annie's book on Russia won the Pulitzer
we traveled up to the mountain venues with him to assess Bladimir Putin's Olympic Games
what does the world need to know about Bladimir Putin and how should Americans view
this Russian leader whose going to be around it appears on good law
reading questions for the same time criticized anyway to lease a human rights issues
send contacts historically what's going on here in 1991 plays it collapsed as an ideology eclectus Empire and self-confidence shot at love message for years
and they were democratic movements but a company has the longest case of the missing man and he's all about stability in development that appeal to Russian and very populated
like this can stand
50 billion dollars openly and get away with this in the sky
is the weather doing his parents this is his greatest lead his people is granite Construction maybe criticizing you want to see in the West younger critics in Russia today
what is a great appeal when the games are gone watch this to remain as an international ski resort he said recently is hoping for tourists
Europe in the US even China and just like holding the game Siri it's something of a gamble given the threat of terrorism across the mountains from here
Norma Stitz confidence in the village keep the pieces fit that way it looks like a ski resort in its earliest for the moment
Remnick knows the media coverage of toilets in hotel rooms in Sochi glitches is not going over well with the Russians any of these games go off without incident Putin will get what he wants and label them a success knowing the whole world is watching
Putin wants respect with an anything else on in the modern world when he sees is a sting hypocritical a knockin
angry and remember how down this country was a generation how humiliate it was by the end of the Cold War food is reaction to that
are things to David Remick and by the way suck she has other big events coming up after this a g8 summit World Cup soccer in a formula 1 Grand Prix there will be
24000 brand new hotel rooms awaiting guess another break we're back in the moment with what the noises all about here in Sochi
as we are talking you may hear what sounds like the dull roar of a jet dryer in the background when we're on the air the new
is coming from the Olympic torch and the Russians are clearly making something about torch States
it's the most powerful we have ever seen at any games it sounds more like a Soyuz rocket blasting off and speaking of space the flame is in
the visible from space are friends on board the International Space Station took this photo of the whole complex on their last pass above us from 220 miles above the earth
we have some news tonight about an important member of our family tonight specifically is a long time former anchor of this broadcast in very good friend of ours
Tom Brokaw is undergoing treatment for multiple myeloma a form of cancer affecting blood cells in the bone marrow he was diagnosed this past summer at the Mayo Clinic dominos doctors are very encouraged about the progress has been making a Skype working all the while
in a public statement released tonight by our network Tom said quote win the support of my family medical team in friends I am very optimistic about the future and look forward to continuing my life my working Adventure still to come
Irie Mane the luckiest guy I know I am very grateful for the interest in my condition but I also hope everyone understands I wish to keep this a private matter
on a personal note in the Life Goes On Department the Williams is an Brokaw's were the movies together the night before my flight to Russia terms of Tom's continuing workload will be airing some of his reporting as part of our Olympic coverage here later this week
and in an email tonight Tom mentioned at least the possibility
Springsteen tour in Australia just to give Bruce Obama book some atoms publicity cast on a Tuesday night thank you for being here with us on Brian Williams a footnote about primetime coverage tonight that's at 8 7 Central
Bob Costas took himself out of the lineup for tonight as he deals with infection Matt Lauer will be your substitute host for this evening
for Bob we must like Ironman streak of 157 straight primetime Olympics broadcast
what goes back to Barcelona in 92128 back in the game shortly we hope to see you back here tomorrow we die